Add NACA profile definition via CPACS for 4digit profiles (#1293)
DLR-SC/tigl: ChangeLog.md

  - Add leading edge devices (LED) to TiGL and TiGLcreator [#1101](https://github.com/DLR-SC/tigl/issues/1101)
  - Always display the borders of the control surfaces on the wing
  - TiGLCreator: Add option to display the control point net of all faces of a geometric component for debugging purposes [#1260](https://github.com/DLR-SC/tigl/pull/1260)

>   - Add NACA4Calculator (with the trailing edge thickness) [#1293](https://github.com/DLR-SC/tigl/pull/1293)

Reviewer: I feel like this comment is a but low-key for the change. Let's be more proud of our achievement ;)

```suggestion
  - Add an alternative wing airfoil parametrization that allows the specification of NACA4 codes directly in CPACS (with the trailing edge thickness). This makes a preprocessing step of writing sampled NACA profiles as point lists obsolete and improves the overall surface quality by internally generating B-Splines with a fine-tuned number of control points. [#1293](https://github.com/DLR-SC/tigl/pull/1293)
```
